README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img height="128px" src="./assets/mascot.svg" alt="React Native Material 3 wordmark" /></p>
<h1 align="center">React Native Material 3</h1>

<p align="center"><a href="https://m3.material.io"><strong>Material Design 3</strong></a> components library for <a href="https://reactnative.dev"><strong>React Native</strong></a> with support for dynamic theming and interactivity out of the box

<br />
<br />

> [!IMPORTANT]\
> The library is being **heavily** being worked on. See the [roadmap](#%EF%B8%8F-roadmap) for more information.

[![Release](https://github.com/PalmDevs/react-native-material-3/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PalmDevs/react-native-material-3/actions/workflows/release.yml) [![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0) [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) 

## ⬇️ Installation

Coming soon...

## 🧑🏻‍💻 Usage

Coming soon...

## 🛣️ Roadmap

### 🚩 `v1.0.0` (initial release)

> [!IMPORTANT]\
> **ETA**: Late Q4 2023 (November 2023 or December 2023)  
> **This is just an estimate.** There's **NO** guarantee that RNM3 will release around this time.

> [!NOTE]\
> **BOLD** means it is being actively worked on.  
> **\*** means it is low priority.  

#### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Utility functions & hooks
-   [x] Theming

#### 📄 Constants & tokens

-   [x] States
    -   [x] Constants
    -   [ ] **Integration with components**
-   [x] Shape scale
-   [x] Type scale
-   [x] Motion
    -   [x] Duration
    -   [x] Easing

#### 📦 Components

-   [ ] Badge
    -   [x] Component
    -   [ ] Integration with other components
-   [ ] Bottom app bar
-   [ ] Bottom sheet
-   [ ] Buttons
    -   [ ] **Standard button**
    -   [ ] FAB
    -   [ ] Extended FAB
    -   [ ] Icon button
    -   [ ] Segmented button
-   [ ] Card
-   [ ] Checkbox
-   [ ] Chips
-   [ ] Dialog
-   [x] Divider
    -   [x] Component
    -   [ ] Subheading support*
-   [ ] List
    -   [ ] Component
    -   [ ] Account for extra space for FABs*
-   [ ] Menu* (use [this](https://github.com/mxck/react-native-material-menu))
-   [ ] Navigation bar
-   [ ] Progress indicators
-   [ ] Radio button
-   [ ] Snackbar
-   [ ] **Switch**
    -   [x] Component
    -   [ ] Animation*
    -   [ ] Dragging*
    -   [x] State layer
-   [ ] **Tabs**
-   [x] Text
-   [ ] Tooltips
-   [ ] Top app bar

#### ♿ Accessibility

-   [x] Scaling
-   [ ] Accessibility properties
-   [ ] RTL support
    -   [ ] Optional RTL property for icons
    -   [ ] Element alignment

---

### 🏳️ `v1.1.0` (feature update)

-   [ ] Navigation drawer
-   [ ] Navigation rail
-   [ ] Search
-   [ ] Side sheet
-   [ ] Slider
-   [ ] Text fields

---

### ⌚ Future

These features are planned for a future release.

-   [ ] Carousel
-   [ ] Date picker
-   [ ] Time picker

Commit message:

chore(README): update project status

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img height="128px" src="./assets/mascot.svg" alt="React Native Material 3 wordmark" /></p>
<h1 align="center">React Native Material 3</h1>

<p align="center"><a href="https://m3.material.io"><strong>Material Design 3</strong></a> components library for <a href="https://reactnative.dev"><strong>React Native</strong></a> with support for dynamic theming and interactivity out of the box

<br />
<br />

> [!IMPORTANT]\
> **STATUS UPDATE!** I've been unable to work on the project recently since I'm busy with school. Although, this project **will certainly not be abondoned**. [Read more about this on my Discord server.](https://discord.com/invite/mHq2bTfeSa)
> 
> The library is being slowly worked on. See the [roadmap](#%EF%B8%8F-roadmap) for more information.

[![Release](https://github.com/PalmDevs/react-native-material-3/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PalmDevs/react-native-material-3/actions/workflows/release.yml) [![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0) [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) 

## ⬇️ Installation

Coming soon...

## 🧑🏻‍💻 Usage

Coming soon...

## 🛣️ Roadmap

### 🚩 `v1.0.0` (initial release)

> [!IMPORTANT]\
> **ETA**: Late Q4 2023 (November 2023 or December 2023)  
> **This is just an estimate.** There's **NO** guarantee that RNM3 will release around this time.

> [!NOTE]\
> **BOLD** means it is being actively worked on.  
> **\*** means it is low priority.  

#### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Utility functions & hooks
-   [x] Theming

#### 📄 Constants & tokens

-   [x] States
    -   [x] Constants
    -   [ ] **Integration with components**
-   [x] Shape scale
-   [x] Type scale
-   [x] Motion
    -   [x] Duration
    -   [x] Easing

#### 📦 Components

-   [ ] Badge
    -   [x] Component
    -   [ ] Integration with other components
-   [ ] Bottom app bar
-   [ ] Bottom sheet
-   [ ] Buttons
    -   [ ] **Standard button**
    -   [ ] FAB
    -   [ ] Extended FAB
    -   [ ] Icon button
    -   [ ] Segmented button
-   [ ] Card
-   [ ] Checkbox
-   [ ] Chips
-   [ ] Dialog
-   [x] Divider
    -   [x] Component
    -   [ ] Subheading support*
-   [ ] List
    -   [ ] Component
    -   [ ] Account for extra space for FABs*
-   [ ] Menu* (use [this](https://github.com/mxck/react-native-material-menu))
-   [ ] Navigation bar
-   [ ] Progress indicators
-   [ ] Radio button
-   [ ] Snackbar
-   [ ] **Switch**
    -   [x] Component
    -   [ ] Animation*
    -   [ ] Dragging*
    -   [x] State layer
-   [ ] **Tabs**
-   [x] Text
-   [ ] Tooltips
-   [ ] Top app bar

#### ♿ Accessibility

-   [x] Scaling
-   [ ] Accessibility properties
-   [ ] RTL support
    -   [ ] Optional RTL property for icons
    -   [ ] Element alignment

---

### 🏳️ `v1.1.0` (feature update)

-   [ ] Navigation drawer
-   [ ] Navigation rail
-   [ ] Search
-   [ ] Side sheet
-   [ ] Slider
-   [ ] Text fields

---

### ⌚ Future

These features are planned for a future release.

-   [ ] Carousel
-   [ ] Date picker
-   [ ] Time picker
